**Paper : [MVTec AD — A Comprehensive Real-World Dataset for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection][link]**

[link]: https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Bergmann_MVTec_AD_--_A_Comprehensive_Real-World_Dataset_for_Unsupervised_Anomaly_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf

1. utmost 최고의
  - The detection of anomalous structures in natural image data is of **utmost** importance for numerous tasks in the field of computer vision.

2. manifest 나타내다
  - The anomalies **manifest** themselves in the form of over 70 different types of defects such as scratches, dents, contaminations, and various structural changes.

3. ground truth 실측 자료(학습하고자 하는 데이터의 원본 혹은 실제 값을 표현)
  - In addition, we provide pixel-precise **ground truth** regions for all anomalies.

4. novel 새로운, 신기한 (N.novelty 새로움, 참신함)
5. anomalous 변칙의, 이례적인
  - Humans are very good at recognizing if an image is similar to what they have previously observed or if it is somehting **novel** or **anomalous**.

6. optical 시각적인
  - In the manufacturing industry, for example, **optical** inspection tasks often lack defective samples or it is unclear what kinds of defects may appear.

7. inlier 올바른 데이터
  - Many of these algorithms, however, focus on classification settings in which the **inlier** and outlier distributions differ significantly.

8. arbitrarily 임의로
  - A common evaluation protocol is to **arbitrarily** label a number of classses from existing object classification datasets as outlier classes and use the remaining classes as inliers for training.

9. subtle 감지하기 힘든, 
10. deviation 편차
11. confined 국한된
  - The problem setting is to find novelties in images that are very close to the training data and differ only in **subtle deviations** in possibly very small, and **confined** regions.

12. curiously 신기하게도, 이상하게도
13. comprehensive 포괄적인, 종합적인
  - **Curiously**, there is a lack of **comprehensive** real-world datasets available for such scenarios.

14. intertwined 밀접하게 관련된, 엮인
  - Just conisder how closely **intertwined** the development of new classification methods is with the introduction of datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR10, or ImageNet.

15. To the best of our knowledge 우리가 알기로는
  - **To the best of our knowledge**, no comparable dataset exists for the task of unsupervised anomaly detection.

16. beforehand 사전에
  - Unsupervised methods play a significant role here once it is often unknown **beforehand** what types of defects might occur during manufacturing.

17. segmentation 분할
  - Ideally, methods should provide a pixel-accurate **segmentation** of anomalous regions.

18. mimic 흉내내다
  - It **mimics** real-world industrial inspection scenarios and consists of 5354 high-resolution images of five unique textures and ten unique objects from different domains.

19. adapt 맞추다, 적응하다
  - When evaluating methods for outlier detection in multiclass classificatino scenarios, a common practice is to **adapt** existing classification datasets for which class labels are already available.

20. prominent 유명한
  - The most **prominent** examples are MNIST, CIFAR10, and ImageNet.
  
21. solely 단독으로
  - A popular approach is to select an arbitrary subset of classes, re-label them as outliers, and train a novelty detection system **solely** on the remaining inlier classes.

22. segment 나누다, 분할하다
  - For the evaluation of methods that **segment** anomalies in images, only very few public datasets are currently available.

23. speck 작은 자국(얼룩)
  - The remaining 40 images contain anomalous regions in the form of **specks** of dust or flattened areas.

24. annotated 주석이 달린
25. ellipses 타원
  - They provide ten classes of artificially generated gray-scale textures with defects weakly **annotated** in the form of **ellipses**.

26. coarse 열등한, 조잡한
  - However, their annotations are quite **coarse** and since the textures were generated by very similar texture models, the variance in appearance between the different textures is quite low.

27. approximation 근사치
  - Furthermore, artificially generated datasets can only be seen as an **approximation** to the real world.

28. tackle (힘든 문제 상황과) 씨름하다
  - The landscape of methods for unsupervised anomaly detection is diverse and many approaches have been suggested to **tackle** the problem.

29. latent 잠재하는, 잠복해 있는
  - For anomaly detection, the algorithm searches for a **latent** sample that reproduces a given input image and manages to fool the discriminator.

30. 동시에 일어나다, 일치하다
  - This **coincides** with the observations made by Bergmann et al..

31. deterministic 결정론적(확정적인)
  - Therefore, we restric ourselves to **deterministic** autoencoder frameworks in the initial evaluation of the dataset below.

32. aforementioned 앞서 언급한, 전술한
  - The **aforementioned** approaches attempt to learn feature representations solely from the provided training data.

33. benchmark 기준(점)
  - In addition to the methods decribed above, we consider two traditional methods for our **benchmark**.

34. contour 윤곽
  - This method requires a prior alignment of the object **contours** and calculates the mean and standard deviation for each pixel.

35. rigid 단단한, 잘 휘지 않는
36. deformable 변형할 수 있는
  - Some of these objects are **rigid** with a fixed appearance (*bottle, metal nut*), while others are **deformable** (*cable*) or include natural variations (*hazelnut*).

37. bilateral 양쪽의
38. magnification 확대
  - All images were acquired using a 2048 * 2048 pixel high-resolution industrial RGB sensor in combination with two **bilateral** telecentric lenses [26, Chapter 2.2.4.2] with **magnification** facors of 1:5 and 1:1, respectively.

39. illumination (불)빛, 조명
  - The images were acquired under highly controlled **illumination** conditions.

40. alter 변하다, 달라지다
  - For some object classes, however, the illumination was **altered** intentionally to increase variability.

41. employ (기술, 방법 등을) 쓰다[이용하다]
  - They reconstruct texture patches of size 128 * 128, **employing** either a per-pixel L2 loss or a los based on the structural similiarity index(SSIM).

41. degenerate 악화되다
  - Larger latent space dimensions do not yield significant improvements in reconstruction quality while lower dimensions lead to **degenerate** reconstructions.

42. deem (~로) 여기다[생각하다] (격식표현 =consider, think, judge)
  - Since we **deem** an image size of 128 * 128 too small for the reconstruction of entire objects in the datasets, we extend the architecture used for tetures by an additional convolutional layer to process object images at resolution 256 * 256.

43. triplicate 세(3)차례
  - For gray-scale imgaes, the chanels are **triplicated** for ResNet feature extraction since the feature extractor only operate on three-channel input images.

44. tendency 성향, 기질, 경향
  - We observe a **tendency** of GAN training to result in mode collapse.

45. speckle 작은 반점
  - However, it fails to generate small details on the pill such as the colored **speckles**, which it also detects as anomalies.

46. outperform 더 나은 결과를 내다, 능가하다
  - Especially for the object categories of the dataset, both autoencoders **outperform** all other evaluated methods in the majority of cases.
